What we’re about      IMAX is not your everyday entertainment experience, so it’s not surprising that IMAX employees and their careers go beyond the ordinary. Our employees share a passion for quality in everything they do. Our Hollywood people are movie business insiders with years of production experience. Our technology experts are unashamedly geeky – people who can talk for hours, and be riveting, about color gamut and lasers. Our business people are consummate sales and marketing professionals who are spreading the IMAX word around the world.      Of course we offer all the benefits you’d expect from a company with over 40 years of history. Yet, beyond this, we know everyone works differently and is motivated by different things. That’s why we offer competitive pay and a wide assortment of benefits – to help you make the most of your life at work and away from it.      As the world’s leading entertainment technology company, IMAX has revolutionized the way people experience movies. Specializing in immersive motion picture technologies, our employees are driven by a passion to take audiences around the world to places they’ve only dreamed of.      Come explore IMAX – where innovation, creativity and passion come together.      Required Skills      What you’ll be doing:   Create, approve, revise and maintain design documentation.      Develop and recommend alternative design approaches.      Identify product/service innovations and develop, quote, and implement solutions to meet technical requirements and requests.      Develop and design opto-mechanical assemblies with guidance from mechanical engineers.      Designing high tolerance opto-mechanical fixtures and tooling to meet specifications and tolerances.      Work with Solidworks CAD in the design of assembly fixtures and tools.      Prepare design documentation including drawings, models, specifications and release documents.      Assist in the vendor selection / evaluation process.      What we’re looking for:   5+ Years mechanical engineering and mechanical design experience, with the ability to formally document requirements, designs and implementations.      5+ Years 3D modelling and detailing in Solidworks.      1+ Years in Solidworks PDM.      Good understanding of Weldments.      Good understanding of coatings/platings.      Good understanding of precision engineering      Must have excellent verbal and written communication skills      Minimum of 5 years of hands-on experience in mechanical design and development, in commercial, industrial or military products.      Experience working in a formal development environment (e.g. ISO9001).      Able to provide expert review comments at design review      Must have worked on commercially successful products.      Required Experience      For consideration, please apply online. We thank all applicants for their interest in IMAX but only those selected for an interview will be contacted.      IMAX is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  
R.J. Burnside &amp; Associates Limited has a full time position available for an intermediate Mechanical Engineer with a minimum of 10 years of HVAC, plumbing and fire protection system experience.      The successful candidate will join our Mechanical team in one of our Orangeville, Barrie, Collingwood or Mississauga offices. A position in the Mississauga office would require commuting to one of the other offices on occasion.      Role Specifics      The position will involve carrying out the following tasks, and includes overseeing a team of engineers and technicians, to lead or assist with:      Providing HVAC and plumbing design, drawings, specifications and construction review for a variety of building services including municipal, industrial and commercial;      Performing defined calculations and systems/equipment designs;      Conducting field surveys to assess existing conditions;      Preparing specifications and selection of proposed equipment and materials;      W riting reports and supporting documentation for project submissions;      Proposal writing;      Engineering support to multi discipline project teams as needed;      Mentoring junior staff;      Working closely with staff at various levels to ensure all projects, which you are involved with, will be carried out in an efficient and professional manner;      Conducting construction administration and project management; and      Other duties as assigned.      Professional Knowledge, Skills &amp; Qualifications      The following qualifications, experience and skills are required:      Registered Professional Engineer in Ontario with a minimum of 10 years of mechanical design experience      Working knowledge of Canadian Standards, including Provincial and National Plumbing, Building, and Energy Codes      Experience with AutoCAD and Revit      Knowledge of municipal and provincial approval agencies’ processes and standards and guidelines      Knowledge of industry standards and best practices      Strong proposal and technical writing skills      Strong Project Management skills      Excellent oral and written communication skills      Excellent organization skills with the ability to multi-task and work on a number of projects concurrently      Keen interest in the growth, training and development of junior staff      Company Profile      Founded in 1970, R.J. Burnside &amp; Associates Limited is a progressive Canadian‑owned multi‑discipline engineering and environmental consultancy firm with over 345 staff and a proven track record of providing the highest service to clients in the Public, Private, International and Aboriginal sectors.      We have 11 offices across Ontario, Manitoba and Alberta and work on projects throughout Canada and the Caribbean.      Burnside’s traditional focus has been infrastructure engineering, including water supply, sewage treatment, surface water and resources and storm-water management, roads and bridges and agricultural drainage. Services have been expanded to include specialty areas in hydrogeology, environmental assessment and planning, monitoring and compliance, site assessments, remediation and cleanup, solid waste management, structures and building services, and transportation.      We take pride in our people and the company has a strong reputation as being a great place to work. We are always interested in speaking with talented people who wish to share their careers with us at any of our offices.      We offer excellent compensation and benefits, including RSP and Profit Sharing Plans, Fitness Benefits, Flexible Hours, Career Development Opportunities, Mentoring, Continuing Education, Social Activities and a working environment second to none.      We are an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in the workplace and we welcome or consider resumes from all qualified candidates.      Burnside will provide reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities throughout the entire recruitment, assessment and selection process, as required. If you are a person with a disability and require an accommodation during these processes, please contact our Human Resources department.      We thank all who apply, however, only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted.  
design building HVAC, plumbing, fire protection systems in small size consulting firm  Job Type: Permanent  Salary: $50,000.00 /year  Local candidates only:   Required experience:   Required license or certification:   Required education:   
EnerProcess is an innovative, multi-discipline engineering firm specializing in oil &amp; gas processing packages and units. Integration of advanced process technologies from international licensors with in-house engineering and manufacturing expertise has enabled us to deliver cost effective state of the art projects in all over the world. Our capabilities span the entire process, from initial design and engineering, procurement and construction management to start-up and performance enhancement.   We are currently seeking a “Mechanical Engineer” to support our dynamic team. As an integral member of the team, you will have an opportunity to work with other engineers on conceptual design, as well as preliminary and detailed engineering and design. You will also have the opportunity to work closely with different engineering departments during the conceptual, preliminary, and detailed engineering, construction and start-up of the project. Your pride in producing accurate, high-quality, and practical designs will be a vital part of this diverse and interesting position.  Duties will include:   Skills and Qualifications:   NOTE: Only successful candidates will be contacted for an interview.   Thank you for your interest in EnerProcess.  Required experience:   
Thinkpath Engineering Services is looking for an experienced Mechanical Engineer to immediately fill a position onsite with one of our successful automotive manufacturing clients, located in Alliston, Ontario.  Responsibilities:   The preferred candidate MUST have:   Demonstrated experience in the following areas would be an asset:   Thinkpath Engineering Services, LLC (TES) has been a global leader in Engineering and Design Services since 1977. TES provides fully integrated, customized solutions in Engineering/ Design, Technical Publishing/Documentation and On-Site Engineering Support and Recruiting Services. Headquartered in Dayton, Ohio, TES has additional offices in Columbus, IN; Tampa, FL; Toronto, ON and London, ON. TES is an equal opportunity employer.  
